[docs/sources/alerting] Replace docs/reference shortcode with ref URIs (#88079)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/alerting-rules/create-grafana-managed-rule.md

In the following sections, we’ll guide you through the process of creating your Grafana-managed alert rules.

> To create a Grafana-managed alert rule, use the in-product alert creation flow and follow these steps to help you.

Author: ```suggestion
To create a Grafana-managed alert rule, use the in-product alert creation flow and follow these steps.

To get started quickly, refer to our [tutorial on getting started with Grafana alerting](http://grafana.com/tutorials/alerting-get-started/).
```
